---
layout: post
title: Purpose
date: 2025-12-28 22:17 -0300
categories:
  - actually-serious
description: What my intentions with CLAB are
language: English
author: ded(0) && ded(1)
---
 I had yet to explain what my purpose is with this blog. But now, here am I.
 <b>  
To be honest, it started off as a dev experiment. I just wanted to try and see how GitHub pages work. And then I entered the Jekyll rabbit hole and just enjoyed the ride.
<b>  
At first, everything was new and I hadn't scratched much at web dev. Previously, I did had and maintained for a few months a Vercel deployment of a personal art project using Obsidian's plugin Digital Garden. Few months ago by, and I used that same Vercel domain to host a few very specific and niche small projects to help a group of friends play RPG. Then, I used that same vault to host yet another project (a slightly bigger one at that), going as far as using webhooks to set off automatic updates for this one. But yeah, you can probably guess at this point. It was messy, and I was inexperienced.
<b>  
So, in October, I wanted to flip some switches and introduce a personal blog. I don't have any fanbase to actually read and reply what I'm writing here, but I'm not motivated by fame or recognition in anyway. I write just for the sake of writing, documenting, journaling and blogging at it's finest. I enjoy it, therefore I do it.
<b>  
And besides, being capable of raising all of this completely on my own also adds to my experience. Especially that I did not, at any point, use AI to generate anything directly. The most I've used it was to find out niche SCSS behaviors, which would be quite troublesome to read docs since I had to accomplish something I did not have the vocabulary for. But hey, I learned. I did not let AI do my job.
<b>  
All in all, founding CLAB was a very fun and rewarding experience, and I'm very proud of it :3.


I will continue to update it, although as irregularly as I'm already doing it. I don't know if anyone will ever read this, but I'm very thankful if you do! Thank you so much, I love you!!!
<br>  
<br>  
> <em>woof :3</em>